track changes (#94)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: interface-elements-for-desktop/articles/rich-text-editor/track-changes/accept-and-reject-tracked-changes.md

# Accept and Reject Changes

## Accept Changes

### Accept A Specific Change

> To accept a single change, select the change you want to accept and click **Accept** button in the **Changes** ribbon group on the **Review** tab. The change will be accepted, and the cursor will be moved to the next change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the change you want to accept and click **Accept** in the **Changes** ribbon group on the **Review** tab. This accepts the change and moves the cursor to the next change.
```

![IMAGE](../../../images/rich-text-editor-track-changes-accept.png)

> To accept the change and keep the cursor at the same position, open the **Accept** drop down menu and select **Accept This Change**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accept the change and keep the cursor at the same position, open the **Accept** drop-down menu and select **Accept This Change**.
```

![IMAGE](../../../images/rich-text-editor-track-changes-accept-this-change.png)

You can also accept a change from the context menu.

![IMAGE](../../../images/rich-text-editor-track-changes-accept-context-menu.png)

### Accept All Changes

> You can accept all changes at once. On the **Review** tab, in the **Changes** ribbon group, open the **Accept** drop down menu and select one of the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the changes can be accepted simultaneously. In the **Changes** ribbon group on the **Review** tab, open the **Accept** drop-down menu and select one of the following options:
```

Reviewer: Why are all these sentences backwards? and why do you write 'drop down' when it should be 'drop-down' since it is an adjective?

> * **Accept All Changes** - to accept all changes and keep Track Changes on;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Accept All Changes** - Accept all changes and keep Track Changes on;
```

> * **Accept All Changes and Stop Tracking** - to accept all changes and disable Track Changes;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Accept All Changes and Stop Tracking** - Accept all changes and disable Track Changes;
```

> * **Accept All Changes Shown** - to accept all visible changes (available if changes from specific authors are displayed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Accept All Changes Shown** - Accept all visible changes (available if changes from specific authors are displayed).
```

Reviewer: Why do you add descriptions here when it is self-explanatory?

![IMAGE](../../../images/rich-text-editor-track-changes-accept-all.png)

## Reject Changes

### Reject A Specific Change

> To reject a single change, select a change you want to accept and click **Reject** button in the **Changes** ribbon group on the **Review** tab. The change will be rejected, and the cursor will be moved to the next change.

Reviewer: Apply the same changes throughout this PR where applicable
